FCEU v0.98.26

{{{
-Some games work again: Power Blade 1 and 2, Banana Prince, Gun-Nac, Mitsume ga Tooru, Star Tropics 1 and 2, some SMB1 hacks and probably other games we haven't tell yet.
-New font (Warp's HUD font).
-BasicBot is back (thanks to zeromus for fixing the shared memory bugs in the official FCEU).
-New hotkey: "Play movie from beginning". It sets the movie in read-only mode and then starts playing from the first frame. The default key for it is "R".
-The controller shows what buttons are currently pressed after loading a savestate while recording or playing a movie.
-Cheats dialog: values change in the cheat search window while you're playing.
-Cheats dialog: double clicking an address send it to the Memory Watch window (if it is closed, it is automatically opened). It will be added in the first available slot.*
-Added an option in Input Configuration to disable U/D + L/R.
-Memory Watch: now it updates automatically after poking memory or adding a new address manually.
-New Directory Override options for Memory Watch address lists and BasicBot files.
-Record movie from savestate now works.
-Fixed default directories handling: it won't remove the wrong folder now.
-Added an option to the input configuration to allow disabling of U+D/L+R
-Loading a state while recording a movie now shows the last input combination used

*The cheat search window was never meant to be used like this, so, unless you're lucky, you're going to need to pause emulation before trying to add a new address this way, or it may not work.

IMPORTANT: you need to remap every hotkey again if you install this version over your previous installation.
}}}